{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0 \fswiss Helvetica;}{\f1 Courier;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\widowctrl\hyphauto

{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs36 Kingsley Yau\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 Senior Full-Stack Development Engineer with 4 years of experience in large-scale enterprise application development. Led projects from scratch to delivery, serving tens of millions of users. Proficient in Java/Python full-stack technologies (Spring Boot/Django/Vue.js/TypeScript), skilled in distributed systems and microservices architecture design. Capable of independently developing TOC/TOB products, led the construction of high-concurrency systems processing millions of requests daily, ensuring real-time stability for platforms with over 30 million registered users.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi0 Personal Website: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.kayleh.top"}}{\fldrslt{\ul
https://www.kayleh.top
}}}
\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Skills Summary\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Solid foundation in Java/Python, familiar with JVM basics, common collections, and multithreading concurrent programming.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Proficient in commonly used web frameworks such as SpringBoot/Django, and ORM frameworks like Mybatis/Spring Data JPA.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Understanding of microservice architecture, familiarity with major service governance components in the SpringCloud ecosystem, and Docker containerization deployment.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Knowledgeable about TCP/IP and HTTP protocols.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Familiar with relational databases including MySQL, PostgreSQL, Dameng, and Kingbase, capable of SQL optimization; acquainted with NoSQL databases like Redis.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Familiar with XXL-job scheduled tasks, MQ message queues, and Redission distributed locks.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Familiar with Linux systems and common commands, able to write simple Shell scripts.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Familiar with common design patterns, data structures, and algorithms.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Tools: Maven, Git/SVN, Swagger, etc.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Skilled in front-end development technologies including HTML5/CSS3/ES6, Vue, WeChat Mini Programs, JS/TS, Element-ui.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Other: Experience in domestic cloud construction and delivery, compliance and security operations for cloud platforms.\sa180\par}
{\pard \qc \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\emdash\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Work Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Guangzhou Zhengyi Information Technology Co., Ltd - Backend Developer (2021/05 - 2025/04):}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Participated in discussions on original product requirements, provided feedback on development schedules.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Completed core code development and group code reviews.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Followed up on debugging and testing progress, completed server-side releases.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Product iteration.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Discussed system architecture and performance optimization.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Dongguan Guangyi Traditional Chinese Medicine Research Center (Limited Partnership) - Administrative Specialist/Assistant (2020/12 - 2021/05):}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Responsible for comprehensive management of daily logistics affairs, including but not limited to office environment maintenance, employee benefits planning.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Coordinated internal and external relationships to ensure smooth reception and logistics work.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Monitored progress, promoted effective execution and timely completion of various plans.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Accurately conveyed superior instructions, promptly handled all kinds of urgent matters, ensured smooth company operations.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 {\b Dongguan Guangyi Traditional Chinese Medicine Research Center (Limited Partnership) - Content Operations (2020/07 - 2020/12):}\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Responsible for formulating and executing content operation strategies to enhance brand influence.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Created high-quality original content, including but not limited to articles, reports, and social media posts, to attract and retain target audiences.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li360 \fi-360 \bullet \tx360\tab Monitored and analyzed content performance data, adjusted operational strategies to increase user engagement and content reach.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Education Background\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2025-2028\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Computer Science and Technology}, Jinan University\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Main Courses: Principles of Computer Composition\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 2018-2021\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Business Administration}, Guangdong Food and Drug Vocational College\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Main Courses: Corporate Strategic Management\sa180\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 \b \fs32 Project Experience\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Fast-Moving Consumer Goods QR Code Marketing System (DAU 300K+, Total Users 20M)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab Designed and implemented QR code generation and management modules to ensure uniqueness and system stability.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab Developed a point mall feature, including product display and points exchange processes, enhancing user engagement and loyalty.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab Implemented an order tracking system, linking online transactions with offline verification through QR codes, optimizing user experience.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 4.\tx360\tab Participated in backend service development supporting high-concurrency scenarios such as scanning verification, data collection, and analysis.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Designed a JWT multi-terminal unified authentication solution, achieving secure access for suppliers and external users, handling an average of 40K user registrations per day;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Utilized MQ queue decoupling for asynchronous buffer verification of scan permissions, ensuring 99.9% real-time response for 300K+ daily scans;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Adopted Redisson distributed locks to solve overselling issues in the point mall, increasing concurrent order processing capacity to 5K+/sec;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Developed electronic agreement signing functionality via handwriting boards, simplifying business signing processes.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li0 \fi0 Marketing Automation System for Fast-Moving Consumer Goods (Terminal Scale 4M+)\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 1.\tx360\tab Led the design and development of a marketing automation system for fast-moving consumer goods, focusing on optimizing sales process management and improving the efficiency of managing customer information throughout its lifecycle.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab Developed a sales opportunity tracking system to ensure the sales team responds promptly and follows up effectively on potential opportunities.\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab Ensured the standardization and completeness of the entire sales process, supporting continuous business growth through iterative system improvements.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Led the development of store visit flow configuration, area management modules, market activity management, and asset allocation modules, supporting over 100K terminal visits and operations daily;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Integrated third-party forms for automated data collection, designed multi-threaded data push interfaces, completing synchronization of 4M terminal data to third-party platforms within 3 hours;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa0 \li720 \fi-360 \endash \tx360\tab Built a Baidu AI commodity image annotation system, improving shelf product recognition accuracy to 95%.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 {\b Responsibilities:} 1. Led the development of store visit flow configuration, area management modules, market activity management, and asset allocation modules, supporting over 100K terminal visits and operations daily\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 2.\tx360\tab Integrated third-party forms for automated data collection, designed multi-threaded data push interfaces, completing synchronization of 4M terminal data to third-party platforms within 3 hours;\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li720 \fi-360 3.\tx360\tab Built a Baidu AI commodity image annotation system, improving shelf product recognition accuracy to 95%.\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li360 \fi0 Basic knowledge of {\b C}, {\b x86 assembly}, {\b Forth}, {\b Common Lisp}\sa180\par}
{\pard \ql \f0 \sa180 \li0 \fi0 ```\par}
}
